HEY EVERYONE...
WELCOME BACK TO MOVIE RECAP.
TODAY I'M GONNA SHOW YOU A MOVIE CALLED
COUNTDOWN...
IT IS A 2019 AMERICAN SUPERNATURAL HORROR FILM
DIRECTED AND WRITTEN BY JUSTIN DEC,
AND STARRING ELIZABETH LAIL.
THE MOVIE IS ABOUT A NURSE WHO DOWNLOADS AN APP
THAT CLAIMS TO PREDICT THE MOMENT A PERSON WILL DIE,
IT TELLS HER SHE ONLY HAS THREE DAYS TO LIVE.
LET’S START...
AT A PARTY,
TEENAGER COURTNEY IS CONVINCED BY HER FRIENDS
TO DOWNLOAD COUNTDOWN,
AN APP THAT SEEMINGLY PREDICTS
HOW LONG A USER HAS LEFT TO LIVE.
COURTNEY IS STARTLED THAT IT SAYS SHE HAS ONLY 3 HOURS TO LIVES.
AFTER AVOIDING GETTING INTO A CAR WITH HER DRUNK BOYFRIEND EVAN,
COURTNEY RECEIVES A NOTIFICATION STATING
THAT SHE HAS BROKEN THE "USER AGREEMENT".
RETURNING HOME,
SHE IS ATTACKED BY AN UNSEEN ENTITY
AND KILLED AS HER TIMER REACHES ZERO.
AT THE SAME TIME,
EVAN CRASHES AND A TREE BRANCH
GOES RIGHT THROUGH WHERE COURTNEY WOULD HAVE SAT.
ON THE NEXT SCENE,
QUINN HARRIS IS A NURSE THAT WORKS AT THE HOSPITAL
WHERE AN INJURED EVAN IS ADMITTED.
SHE SUFFERS FREQUENT SEXUAL HARASSMENT BY HER BOSS,
DOCTOR SULLIVAN,
BUT FEARS SPEAKING OUT AS SHE HAS ONLY
JUST PASSED HER EXAM TO BE AN RA.
QUINN STUMBLES ACROSS EVAN IN A CLOSED-OFF WING OF THE HOSPITAL
WHERE HE TELLS HER ABOUT COURTNEY AND HIS SUSPICIONS ABOUT THE APP.
HE ALSO REVEALS THAT HE DOWNLOADED IT
AND IT STATES THAT HE WILL DIE AT THE TIME HE IS DUE TO GO INTO SURGERY.
QUINN IS DISMISSIVE OF HIS CLAIMS
BUT EVENTUALLY DOWNLOADS THE APP
AFTER HER CO-WORKERS DOWNLOAD IT.
SHE IS HORRIFIED TO LEARN THAT IT SAYS SHE HAS
ONLY THREE DAYS LEFT.
EVAN LATER SKIPS HIS SURGERY AND IS INFORMED
THAT HE HAS VIOLATED THE USER AGREEMENT OF THE APP.
HE IS CONFRONTED BY A DEMONIC VERSION OF
COURTNEY AND KILLED.
QUINN VISITS HER HOME TO PICK UP AN IMPORTANT DOCUMENT
AND ENCOUNTERS HER YOUNGER SISTER JORDAN
WHO HAS A STRAINED RELATIONSHIP WITH HER
FOLLOWING THEIR MOTHER'S DEATH.
THE NEXT DAY, QUINN LEARNS OF EVAN'S DEATH
AND PROCURES HIS PHONE.
SHE CANCELS A PLAN
TO GO OUT WITH JORDAN AND THEIR FATHER
BEFORE BEING INFORMED
THAT SHE HAS BROKEN THE USER AGREEMENT.
SHE IS THEN HARASSED YET AGAIN BY SULLIVAN
BEFORE FLEEING.
QUINN RESEARCHES ABOUT THE APP,
LEARNING OF COURTNEY'S DEATH AND THAT SIMILAR THINGS
HAVE HAPPENED TO OTHER APP USERS
ALTHOUGH THEY ARE WIDELY REGARDED AS FAKE.
SHE IS STARTLED BY A VISION OF A
DEAD EVAN AND FLEES HER APARTMENT.
SHE IS FOUND THE NEXT DAY BY JORDAN
AND JORDAN LEARNS ABOUT THE APP WHICH
STATES QUINN ONLY HAS ONE DAY LEFT.
INCREASINGLY PANICKED,
QUINN BUYS A NEW PHONE
BUT DISCOVERS THE COUNTDOWN APP HAS INSTALLED
ITSELF ON THE NEW PHONE.
AFTER BEING ATTACKED BY A DEMONIC FIGURE,
SHE ENCOUNTERS MATT,
WHOSE COUNTDOWN APP STATES
HE WILL DIE A FEW HOURS BEFORE QUINN.
THE PAIR HEAD TO THE HOSPITAL
TO GET HELP FROM THE HOSPITAL'S PRIEST,
ONLY FOR QUINN TO LEARN THAT SULLIVAN
HAS TRICKED THE STAFF INTO THINKING
THAT SHE SEXUALLY HARASSED HIM
AND AS A RESULT, QUINN IS SUSPENDED.
MATT IS ATTACKED BY THE ENTITY
TAKING THE FORM OF HIS YOUNGER BROTHER
WHO DIED OF AN ILLNESS YEARS AGO.
THE PAIR LEAVE THE HOSPITAL
AND BEGIN TO SUSPECT THAT SOMETHING
IN THE USER AGREEMENT MAY HELP THEM.
IT STATES THE AGREEMENT IS BROKEN
IF THE USER TRIES TO CHANGE THEIR FATE
AND THEY REALIZE THAT THEY HAVE CANCELED PLANS.
THEY CONSULT A PRIEST CALLED FATHER JOHN
WHO STATES THAT THE APP'S CODE MAY HELP THEM.
THEY HACK INTO THE CODE WITH THE HELP OF A PHONE SALESMAN
NAMED DEREK AND LEARN THAT JORDAN HAS DOWNLOADED THE APP
AND DUE TO DIE SHORTLY BEFORE QUINN.
THEY HACK THE APP TO ADD MORE YEARS
TO THEIR LIFE SPAN
BUT QUINN IS ATTACKED BY THE DEMON
LATER THAT NIGHT
AND THE COUNTDOWNS REVERT BACK TO NORMAL.
AFTER JORDAN IS ATTACKED BY THE DEMON
WHO TAKES THE FORM OF HER MOTHER,
THE TRIO CONSULTS FATHER JOHN
WHO IDENTIFIES THE DEMON NAME OZHIN,
AND CURSE VIA THE APP CODE BEFORE THEORIZING
IF THEY BEAT THE COUNTDOWN TIMER BY ONE SECOND
THEN THEY'LL WIN.
THEY PREPARE A WARDING CIRCLE TO
PROTECT THEM FROM THE OZHIN'S ATTACKS
BUT MATT IS LURED OUT BY THE OZHIN
TAKING THE FORM OF HIS BROTHER.
MATT ENDS UP GETTING HIT BY A CAR AND KILLED
AS HIS LAST BREATH EXPIRES WHEN THE APP SAID.
JORDAN IS ALSO INJURED IN THE ATTACK
AND QUINN TAKES HER TO THE HOSPITAL
WHERE SHE LEARNS THAT SULLIVAN ALSO HARASSES
OTHER FEMALE STAFF MEMBERS.
REALIZING THAT SHE COULD KILL SULLIVAN
AND TAKE THE 57 YEARS HIS
COUNTDOWN APP PREDICTED FOR HIM,
QUINN LURES HIM INTO THE CLOSED-OFF WING
AND ATTACKS HIM BUT HE IS SAVED BY THE OZHIN
WHO REALIZES WHAT SHE IS DOING.
THE OZHIN HUNTS DOWN JORDAN
AS QUINN SEARCHES FOR SULLIVAN
WHO ESCAPES AFTER QUINN IS INJURED.
THE OZHIN PREPARES TO KILL JORDAN
AS HER TIMER RUNS OUT
BUT QUINN OVERDOSES ON DRUGS,
SACRIFICING HERSELF TO DESTROYING THE OZHIN.
JORDAN NOTICES THAT QUINN HAS WRITTEN
SOMETHING ON HER ARM
WHERE SHE DREW HERSELF A CIRCLE
AND THE WORD "NARCAN".
JORDAN REVIVES HER BY SYRINGE WITH NALOXONE
AND THE DUO SUCCEED AS THE
COUNTDOWN TIMERS FOR THEM BOTH STOP.
LATER, QUINN, JORDAN AND THEIR FATHER
VISIT THEIR MOTHER'S GRAVE.
AS THEY LEAVE,
THEY HEAR NEWS ABOUT SULLIVAN'S ARREST
AFTER MORE NURSES CAME FORWARD
AND TOLD THEIR SIMILAR STORIES OF SEXUAL ASSAULT.
QUINN DISCOVERS AN UPDATE OF THE NEW APP
COUNTDOWN 2.0 HAS DOWNLOADED
ITSELF ON HER PHONE.
IN A MID-CREDIT SCENE,
A PHONE SALESMAN, DEREK
IS ON A 'TINDER' DATE.
WHILE HIS DATE GOES TO THE BATHROOM,
DEREK'S PHONE BUZZES,
HE LOOKS AT IT
AND THE COUNTDOWN APP SAYS
HE HAS BROKEN THE USER AGREEMENT.
THE LIGHTS IN THE RESTAURANT GO OUT
BEFORE HE IS KILLED BY THE UNSEEN DEMON.
THANKS FOR WATCHING…
SEE YOU IN ANOTHER MOVIE RECAP.
PLEASE LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE,
AND CLICK THE BELL ICON TO GET NEW VIDEO UPDATES…
HAVE A NICE DAY…!